GHI46046 re-title module (#50648)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-associating-secondary-interfaces-metrics-to-network-attachments.adoc

// *networking/associating-secondary-interfaces-metrics-to-network-attachments.adoc

[id="cnf-associating-secondary-interfaces-metrics-to-network-attachments_{context}"]
= Extending secondary network metrics for monitoring

Secondary devices, or interfaces, are used for different purposes. It is important to have a way to classify them to be able to aggregate the metrics for secondary devices with the same classification.

> Exposed metrics contain the interface but do not specify where the interface originates. This is workable when there are no additional interfaces, but if a secondary interface is added, it is difficult to make use of the metrics since it is hard to identify the interfaces using only interface names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposed metrics contain the interface but do not specify where the interface originates. This is workable when there are no additional interfaces. However, if a secondary interface is added, it is difficult to use the metrics since it is hard to identify the interfaces using only interface names.
```

Reviewer: Tried to break that sentence up a little. You could do "interfaces; however, if a..." as well.
